In Unsupervised Learning, we're givendata that looks differentthan data that looks like
this that doesn't haveany labels or that all has the same label or really no labels. 
we're not told what to do with it and we're not told what each data point is.
Instead we're just told, here is a data set. Can you find some structure in the data?
Given this data set, an Unsupervised Learning algorithm might decide that the data lives in two different clusters, So this is called a clustering algorithm.

One example where clustering is used is in Google News and if you have not
seen this before, you can actually go to this URL news.google.com to take a look.
What Google News does is everyday it goes and looks at tens
of thousands or hundreds of thousands of new stories on the web and it 
groups them into cohesive news stories

Here's an example of DNA microarray data. The idea is put a group of different individuals and
for each of them, you measure how much they do or do not have a certain gene.
Technically you measure how much certain genes are expressed. So these colors, red, green,
gray and so on, they show the degree to which different individuals do or do not have a specific gene.
And what you can do is then run a clustering algorithm to group
individuals into different categories or into different types of people. 

Unsupervised Learning

Unsupervised learning allows us to approach problems with little or no idea what our results should look like. We can derive structure from data where we don't necessarily know the effect of the variables.

We can derive this structure by clustering the data based on relationships among the variables in the data.

With unsupervised learning there is no feedback based on the prediction results.

Example:

Clustering: Take a collection of 1,000,000 different genes, and find a way to automatically group these genes into groups that are somehow similar or related by different variables, such as lifespan, location, roles, and so on.

Non-clustering: The "Cocktail Party Algorithm", allows you to find structure in a chaotic environment. (i.e. identifying individual voices and music from a mesh of sounds at a cocktail party)